🔥 🔥 🔥 Add About, Rules, Schedule, Onsite Contest, and many things! (#4)
ia-toki/apio-2020-web: about.md

---
layout: single-page-md
title: About APIO 2020
key: about
---

> The Asia-Pacific Informatics Olympiad (APIO) is an IOI-like competition for delegations within the South Asian / Western Pacific region. The first competition was organized by the Australian IOI team in 2007.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Asia-Pacific Informatics Olympiad (APIO) is an IOI-like competition for delegations within the Asian and Western Pacific regions. The first competition was organized by the Australian IOI team in 2007.
```

ngikutin yang call-for-tasks.html

> APIO 2020 will be hosted by Indonesia. Usually, the contest will be held online.

Reviewer 2: `s/Usually, the contest will be held online./In the past, APIO contests were held online.`

> APIO 2020 will be hosted by Indonesia. Usually the contest will be held online.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
APIO 2020 will be hosted by Indonesia. Usually, the contest will be held online.
```

> But in APIO 2020, for the first time, in addition to online version, there will be held also onsite contest in Indonesia.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But in APIO 2020, for the first time, in addition to the online version, there will be held also onsite contest in Indonesia.
```

> As usual, in the online version, the participants will be competing at the contest sites within their own coutries or areas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As usual, in the online version, the participants will be competing at the contest sites within their own countries or areas.
```

> And in addition to that, there will be several countries that will be invited to send their delegation to Indonesia to participate in the onsite contest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And in addition to that, there will be several countries that will be invited to send their delegations to Indonesia to participate in the onsite contest.
```

> And in addition to that, there will be several countries that will be invited to send their delegations to Indonesia to participate in the onsite contest.

Reviewer 2: Remove `And` and combine this with the previous paragraph?

> The eligible participants are the one that is also eligible for the IOI 2020. The leaders of each eligible country to participate will register their participants for the APIO 2020. If you are a student wishing to compete, please contact your local informatics olympiad organization.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The eligible participants are the ones that are also eligible for the IOI 2020. The leaders of each eligible country to participate will register their participants for the APIO 2020. If you are a student wishing to compete, please contact your local informatics olympiad organization.
```

APIO 2020 is organized by *IA TOKI*, and the online session has the window from Friday, 8 May 2020 (UTC+0 06.00) to Sunday, 10 May 2020 (UTC+0 06.00).

> And the onsite event will be held from Friday, 8 May 2020 to Monday, 11 May 2020.

Reviewer 2: Remove `And`

> IA TOKI is an association of the former medalist in Indonesian National Olympiad in Informatics.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
IA TOKI is an association of former medalists of Indonesian National Olympiad in Informatics.
```

> It consists of the university students, professional, and educator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It consists of university students, professionals, and educators.
```
